Reflection 1
How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Being able to see code changes over the same file shows how typos, intentional changes, differences
in syntax, and changes in commands will overall alter your code and how it executes

Reflection 2
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer 
in the long term?

Having the history of a file can allow you to find bugs and unwanted changes within the version they
first appeared, allowing you to adapt your code accordingly for better execution of the overall file.

Reflection 3
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in 
Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros: better understanding what a significant enough change to your code is, knowing the purpose of each
commit, being able to attach a reason/message to each commit Cons: forgetting to commit, difficulty knowing
when/why to commit, committing too often or not often enough

Reflection 4
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while 
others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git has to allow saving multiple files because code can rely upon multiple files across different programs
in order to execute properly. The file types supported by Google Docs don't require this same kind of support
and can be saved individually.

Reflection 5
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

You can use git log and git diff to view the history of files by viewing a list of commits made to a file as
well as being able to compare two different commits to see insertions and/or deletions.

Reflection 6
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

You can create more code with confidence and change your files with more confidence because the old code
still exists within your Git repository.

Reflection 7
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use Git to create repositories and keep track of CSS and JavaScript files so that I can build on
my own code and learn from other programmers' already established repos.



